Support the mining of multiple blocks in a single call (#2032)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: .changeset/green-turkeys-fry.md

---
"hardhat": minor
---

> Support the mining of multiple blocks in a single call (#1112)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new RPC method, `hardhat_mine`, which supports the mining of multiple blocks in a single call (#1112)
```
